No, Governor
He was really an impostor.
Don't listen to what that woman has to say.
None of us here believe it
Yes, Governor
You think about this inverse
Can I not know who he is?
He's a street seller of fried noodles
How could it be a lowly monk?
How glorious our Kowloon Group is
Lord Sword Venerable is even more legendary
Will it be the turn of the street to sell fried noodles?
This is simply an insult to our entire Kowloon Hall.
Li Wushuang, if you were a man
Just hurry up
The Governor admitted that he was impersonating
Lest you be exposed and sentenced to imprisonment
Tang Aoxue, you are really blind enough
Look at Wan Tianhao, the richest man in Yuncheng
Beidu's wealthy family, Haruka Jiangbin
And Wu Dajiang, the richest man
They all obey me
Which of them is not taller than you?
The one who sees further
You think they're all dumber than you
Can you be deceived by me at will?
They're people who don't know you.
So I was deceived by you
I've been with you for five years
Every time someone mentions my unmarried life
Husband sells fried noodles on the street
I feel deeply ashamed and insulted
Your incompetence
Like a spike in my heart
now
You told me you were a dazzling legendary man
I wouldn't believe it.
Hello wait a minute
Mr. Li
The Prince of Persia has sent the Starry Sky Crown to
Do you still need it?
Of course I do. Don't I have a new fiancee?
Yes!
Send it in